week-1

1.I liked his way of teaching that happened in an interesting and communicatve way.

2.I liked the way that sir communicates with students at each every aspect of course is well good.

3.The candy crush saga game concept that sir had done in class helps in understanding how the industry works.

week-2

1.The concept of lifecycle of humans and software in the world is good to understand about software engineering.

2.Dividng into groups,giving individual passion and team projects is good and also it helps to understand about software technology.

week-3

1.Getting feedback from the students at each and every aspect and also discussing with the students personally regarding

about the team projects is well fine.

2.Not only in class but also outside,his way of interacting with students as a friend/instructor giving suggestions in 
each and every aspect or point that i liked the most.

week-4

In this week,the lecture  goes a bit serious and also boring as he explained slides about use cases,uml diagrams 

in this week.

week-5

This week it goes in an innovative,thinking and learning way.

we have given a class exercise of writng use cases for our team or passion project of anyone in a team and we have 

to interview by the customer about how the project is helpful to him. 

week-6

This week,the lecture goes in an inventive and learning way.We had taught of how desiign stands in a project i.e.., how it is important

to a project and also we were divided into groups and was assigned a task of designing a set of ideas to identify the mood of a person and try to influence it.we had also given 5 

things that we should focus on while designing the app or the idea.It happens in a nice way that every group had come with a new set of

different design and expalined it to the class.But,in afternoon session,it happens in a learning way that he expalined way that sir 

explained about user interface,need to understand the users capabilities in designing the project some what like these in slides 

and also some of them were sleeping thought that the lecture is boring.

week-7

This week,in the class sir taught about what is user interface,we have learnt about what should not to be done when we design an user interface,what 

is s/w architecture and its types,what are patterns and its types.And also sir had given a class exercise which we should design

an user interface for a game and he had given this task as this is mainly helpful to our game factory.
