week-1

In this week,i learnt how to think about a game like candy crush and design a game like that in short period like 10 to

20 minutes.And also,i learnt about how the software engineering is in industry and outside the industry and what is the 

difference between programming and software engineering,nature of s/w and the challenges in s/w in slides.

week-2

we have learnt the life cycle of humans and software part-1 in a fascinating and interesting way.

And what is s/w in today's aspect and it's technical terms.I got an idea of designing an app and also want to give 

suggestions to others in documentation.so,when sir announced about writing committee,i got confidence and joined in that 

committee not only to help my team members in the project but also others.

week-3

we have learnt about functional and non-functional requirements and what are use cases,uml diagrams.  

week-4

week-5

1.In this week,we have learnt about SRS(software requirement specification),what is it and how it is different from 

others like use cases and also what are functional and non-functional requirements.

2.We had given a task that has to be done in class of that we have to write about the use cases of any passion or 

team project of a team member of teams and also we among ourselves have to interview the customers in the team.

It is a nice and good idea that helps in understanding of writng use cases to the project and also we have to 

satisfy the customer to use our project.

week-6

This week,we learnt about "design" and how it has to be done in an industry and also about user interface what is it actually,

how it has to be in a project.Not onlythis,we also had a group execise today in class which happened in a collaborative way. 

week-7

In this week,I have learnt about user interface .sir taught what should not be done when we design an interface for users.

And also it is very important to actually link the requirements and user interface.he also taught that we should never have to use technial language with the user and always think 

of messages that add values to te user.he given an class exercise of designing an user interface of a game in what way that we design better interesting interface for the user.sir had also explained

about software architecture,it's types and different types of patterns and also 5 thing that we should have to know in UML diagrams.
